- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Trust me. This isn't the story
I expected to be telling,
but you know as well as I do
that stories, like the
people who tell them,
aren't always what they seem.
Let's take a picture, Beth.
Mom! Wake up! No! Mom!
Batman's here. He's gonna save us!
Batman, where are you going? Wait!
You're leaving us to die!
Beth, grab my hand!
Grab my hand!
- Kate!
- Mom, Beth, no!
- Too slow.
- You covered the damn hole!
And you found way, own way.
Tomorrow, find faster.
Brrr.
I suppose I should start here in Gotham.
3 years ago when Batman
mysteriously disappeared,
it divided the city.
Some hoped he'd be back,
others figured he was dead.
I thought he abandoned
Gotham for the same reason
he abandoned my family...
because he didn't care.
How cute is this little kid?
Mary, you're embarrassing me.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Heh heh. This isn't
beneath you, Commander?
Well, it's the only excuse I
have to see my radiant wife.
Concerned the police couldn't keep order
in a Gotham without Batman,
my dad started Crows Security,
a private firm that protects the people
that the Dark Knight left behind.
Moore to Crows' nest.
North side's clear.
How are we out front?
Perimeter looks good.
What's the word, Vasquez?
- West Side's clear.
- Copy.
Let's lock it up.
All right, Dodgson. How much?
10,000 bucks a plate just
to watch a light flip off.
- Must be nice.
- Heh.
Operational leadership
at its best, Agent Moore.
Well done tonight.
My pleasure, sir.
Ladies and gentlemen,
tonight is about reality.
Batman gave up on us.
It's been 3 years, Gotham.
The Bat's not coming back.
Mayor Akins, help us say good-bye
to Gotham's outdated tradition.
It's time to turn off the signal.
My kid used to stare at this thing
through his bedroom window.
Now I got to be the one to flip it off?
Together, I invite you to gaze out
at the Bat-Signal one last time.
Uh, Commander Kane, I just
lost our city surveillance.
What about the rooftop feed?
- Sir, we're totally blind.
- Something's up.
Eyes everywhere.
We're gonna start the
countdown, Officer.
Copy. Standing by.
10...
Agh!
8, 7...
Unh!
6, 5, 4,
3, 2, 1.
Turn the light off, boys.
What's happening?
"Hello", said Alice.
"Shall we believe the
Crows will protect us?"
Heh heh heh. Well, I
believe 6 impossible things
before breakfast.
Do you feel safe behind
these security gates?
Ha ha! Because one of you
won't be going home tonight.
The Crows are not the
hero of this story, Gotham.
Batman couldn't save you,
and neither... will... they.
Get these people out of here now.
Let's go. Let's go.
Mom?
Jacob, what the hell are you...
Get out now. Let's go.
Agent Moore, do you copy?
Hyah!
Sophie, do you copy?
Aah!
Unh!
Ohh!
We got her.
Aah!
Call for you.
Girl who talk too much.
- Hello?
- Kate, it's Mary.
- Your stepsister.
- Mary, our parents
have been married for over a decade.
I know who you are.
Oh. Okay. You have to
swear you won't tell anyone
- I'm telling you this...
- Mary, what happened?
Sophie's missing. They
think someone took her.
I just... I thought you should know.
Ha ha!
I'd spent years traveling the world,
training with combat and
survivalist specialists
so I could join the Crows.
Sophie's disappearance
brought me home early.
I had to find her, but first,
I had to convince my dad I was ready.
Crows represent order, security, safety.
These monsters long
for the good, old days
when gangs ran around unchecked.
They spread fear by saying, "look at us.
We can get a Crow,
we can get your wife,
your kid."
Where are we on surveillance?
Afraid it doesn't exist, sir.
If it were any one of you,
Agent Moore would not sleep
until you were found.
Let's do the same for her.
Let's bring her home.
Kate.
Hey, Dad.
Come here, kiddo.
I, uh... I didn't have cream,
but please tell me you
kicked that vegan thing, huh?
I wish you'd called.
- We're gonna find her.
- Then let me help.
Neck tattoo. That's new.
Dad, I'm ready to come
home and work for you.
Sir, Mayor's on two.
He's talking about canceling
the movie in the park.
Tell him I'll be right there.
Do you know who took her?
Ruthless, spineless maniacs
who frankly don't stand
a chance against a team
of ex-Navy SEALs and Green Berets.
- And what about me?
- You take after your cousin.
You're a female Bruce Wayne,
but unlike him, you actually have a shot
at making something of your life.
Bruce was the one person
who was actually there for me
after Mom and Beth died.
Let me help the Crows find Sophie.
It's great to see you, but
I got to take this call.
Ha ha!
How about we don't get expelled
a week before graduation?
About that.
How about after we graduate
I take you to the Greek isles
for a week alone on a yacht?
All alone...
But, like, with a chef?
- Obviously.
- Heh.
Oh, Shed, things you have seen.
Defacing school property.
Heh. Why not?
Got me to break every other rule.
"Loves." Bold.
Cadet Katherine Kane,
is there something you'd like to report
to your squad?
Not that I'm aware of, sir!
Perhaps, you're not
aware of the Academy's
code of conduct.
I had to find her,
so I needed to go to the one place
that always seemed to have the answers,
to the heart of Gotham,
which just happened to
have eyes all over the city.
Bruce isn't in his office. Come on.
Kate, we're not supposed to be in here.
What's that? Why does Bruce
have a girl's necklace?
Come on.
No. I don't think
we're supposed to touch that.
Come on.
Step away from the desk! Move!
Wayne Security.
Not to tell you how
to do your job, Mr...
- Luke.
- Luke,
but your boss is my cousin.
Think you're the first
squatter I've met related
to Bruce Wayne?
How the hell did you even get in here?
I'm Kate Kane. I
practically grew up here,
and Bruce was like my fun,
irresponsible big brother.
Okay. When's his birthday?
- February 19.
- Middle name?
Trick question. Doesn't have one.
Favorite soup?
Is it weird that you know that?
If you are Bruce's cousin,
you know that no one's heard from him
in almost 3 years.
Hey. Yeah. Luke Fox over at Wayne here.
Got another B&E for you.
Bruce gave me a great
piece of advice once.
Grow into the person
you needed as a kid.
That's great. Police are on their way.
Oh. It... it turns out that the
person that I needed as a kid
can do this.
Hey! Get these handcuffs
off me right now.
Password still "Alfred"?
- Hey!
- You might want to change that.
Wait. You can't...
can you just step away
from the computer, please?
Agh.
Hey. What are you doing?
What the Crows aren't able to.
Get this thing off me.
Hey, hey. You can't just...
See the relation now.
Dad, I think I found something.
Surprise!
Aah!
Keep us waiting, why don't you?
- Hi.
- Hi!
- Mary.
- Hi.
Where's, uh... where's my dad?
No idea because you, me,
cotton candy shots now. Good?
So I'm on the roof, Alice
is threatening to kill
literally everybody,
and the first thought
that pops into my brain is
"Oh, my God. What a bummer.
Now I'll never be able to read
my future children 'Alice in Wonderland'",
but then I was like, "Oh, Mary,
rearranging your entire life out of fear
is exactly how the terrorists win."
Why did you call me?
I may have found a box
of pictures in your closet
when I was borrowing
your Balenciaga T...
- You know what? Never mind.
- Look. I don't know your drama,
but we all got a box
of picture somewhere.
I just thought you'd want to be here.
Welcome home, Katie.
I hope you don't mind my making you
the center of attention tonight.
No place I'd rather be.
Then let's make sure
we're posting happy photos
to our social media accounts.
Because why wouldn't
this party have an agenda?
If we feel safe,
then our clients feel safe.
Movie in the park is Friday,
and it's Gotham's first
public event in 3 years.
Anyway, the councilwoman
would like a photo, Mary.
Excuse us.
"I hereby deny the below allegation
of homosexual conduct."
Blah, blah, blah. Kiss my ass.
Guess that's that then.
What do you say we burn these
and scatter the ashes
across the Mediterranean?
I can't. I'm staying.
You signed it.
I told them what they wanted to hear.
You lied.
I need this school,
okay? I want to be here.
But they don't want you.
Unfortunately, I don't have the
luxury of being offended by that.
And maybe it's best if
you just kept your distance
from now on.
Hey.
I know you love me.
Tell me that I'm wrong,
and I'll walk away
and let you make the
biggest mistake of your life.
You're wrong, Kate.
I have to go.
Dad, I have something.
Where'd you get this?
Wayne's camera feed isn't
on the Crows' network.
Wayne's defunct.
Not sure how facial rec's
supposed to work here.
They're in masks.
Wait. What does that paddle say?
"Milk", "well-behaved", "C-H".
"Not for the mild, well-behaved child."
It was their creepy
disciplinary motto.
- It was whose model?
- The Burnside Orphanage.
Beth and I used to sneak in
there with our ouija board
and freak each other out.
That's where they are.
Taylor, get a satellite feed.
I want eyes all over this.
Dodgson, cover the
north entrance with me.
Banks takes his team on the south.
Kate.
Aah!
Unh!
Curiouser and curiouser.
Up, up.
I thought you'd been sent away,
but now you seem to be... here.
How do you know me?
Better now.
Where's Sophie?
Gone, and just in time
because I am not used to being found.
Clever girl.
If you didn't want an audience,
I'd be dead.
So what do you want?
I need you to send
your father a message.
He thinks he's Gotham's white knight,
but he's a bully whose army bullies
this city into obedience,
and I want the world to know
that he doesn't scare me.
Heh.
I want to take away his power.
Then take me and let Sophie go.
Oh, dear. This is... Quite sad actually.
You poor thing.
You haven't figured it out yet.
I took Sophie because she'll
actually get his attention.
Your father doesn't want you, Kate.
He shipped you away, and you show up
without the proper postage.
I assumed you knew,
but then again, you have been so busy
trying to convince him to love you,
you sweet, pathetic girl.
Sophie is the daughter
your father always wanted,
not you... dear.
Who the hell are you?
Right.
I'm Alice. How do you do?
Dodgson, what do you got?
- Just missed them, sir.
- Where's Kate?
Found her bike stashed in some bushes
but no sign of her.
What do you mean no sign of her?
Where am I?
Hi, and don't kill me.
What is this place?
This is my humble,
little... Illegal clinic.
Gotham University has generously
and unknowingly leant me...
Hey, Mr. Whittaker.
We're gonna have to keep that on, okay?
We talked about this, remember?
Got to keep that on.
Can we be done with
this? I got to... unh.
Ooh. Ow. Hang on.
I was mid-stitch.
How did you find me?
Someone dumped you at the door.
One of my guys brought you in.
You have guys?
So I swear this began with me offering
water and band-aids, and
the next thing you know,
I'm the Meredith Grey
of Sherwood Forest.
I'm sorry if stealing from my
med school makes me a bad person.
It doesn't. It actually makes you
deeper than I thought.
Oh. Thanks.
- Done.
- Keep your ear to the street,
and if you hear anything
about Sophie, call.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I was right. Alice was there,
and wherever they went,
it's probably not far.
Where the hell have you been?
We thought she took you, too.
I got half my guys out
there looking for you!
And here I am telling you her vendetta
isn't against Gotham,
isn't against the Crows,
but against you.
- Why?
- You are not listening.
You ran into an unknown terrorist cell
without proper backup.
If you treated me like everybody else,
- I would have had backup.
- Except you're not everyone else.
No, I'm not.
I never will be
because no matter what I do
trying to prove myself to you,
you don't want me.
What did I tell you after you
got expelled from the Academy?
Kate, I love you. I wouldn't
want you any other way.
I remember what you said because
it was right before you sent
me away to train for a job
that you were never gonna give me.
I was giving you a second chance!
You were getting rid of me!
Because when you look
at me, you see Beth,
and when you see Beth, you see Mom,
and instead of dealing with it,
you spent the last 15
years pushing me away!
You win, Dad. I'm gone.
Kate.
Hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey! How
did you even get in... agh.
I know you know where Bruce is.
Call him and tell him that
I am looking for someone.
- I have no idea where he is.
- That was me asking nicely.
Okay. If Bruce wanted to come home...
He would. He would for me.
Okay. Ugh.
Someone moved that.
How the hell would you know?
It was my Aunt Martha's.
She was wearing it the night that she
and my Uncle Thomas were killed,
but he always kept it... here.
Look. You... you don't want to do that.
I mean, it looks really old.
Probably not even up to code, you know,
if it even works.
You are seriously not supposed
to know what's down there.
So I have this thing with rules.
Bruce Wayne is Batman?
Yeah. I'm dead.
The Bruce I knew had a million secrets,
and now I know why
they were kept from me.
Let's take a picture, Beth.
Make sure our necklaces are in it.
There. Ready? Cheese!
What is this guy doing?
Beth, are you okay?
We're gonna go over!
Batman's here. He's gonna save us!
He spent years trying to figure out
what went wrong that day.
He knew the car was gonna go over,
so he shot two hooks,
each with a safe load of one ton.
The weight, the angle...
he was so sure he secured the car.
Go, Kate! Hurry! Get out!
Where are you going, Batman? Wait!
Wake up now! Mom, please!
Beth, you need to grab my hand now!
Kate!
Grab my hand!
No!
Beth! No!
Mom! Beth!
The steel in the trunk
still ripped away.
It was crappy engineering.
It was the one
calculation he didn't make.
I grew up thinking
that Batman cared more
about getting the bad guy than...
The lives of innocent people.
No. He cared.
He saved 34 kids that day.
He thought he saved
your mom and sister, too.
I mean, his only living family,
and he got it wrong.
Haunted the hell out of him.
Yeah. Don't push that.
Whoa.
Nope. Okay. Heh.
Not about to get my ass
fired twice by Batman, so...
Find your own way.
- What?
- That's why Bruce became Batman,
to play by his own rules.
It made him terrifying to his enemies.
Yeah, and his friends and his co-workers.
We really need to go.
People aren't afraid anymore.
An army may not scare them,
but that will.
I need you to fix his suit.
The suit is literal perfection.
It will be... When it fits a woman.
- Mary.
- We found one of Alice's guys.
I think I know where they took Sophie.
♪ Spill wine on my hotel sheets ♪
♪ Oh, well, well, well ♪
♪ We laugh it off
with our purple teeth ♪
This way.
♪ Palm trees in the dirty streets ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ And there ain't no
place that I'd rather be ♪
♪ I'd give up anything
to be with you ♪
♪ Nothing like blue
skies in the rearview ♪
I don't like that building.
Who's covering it?
That'd be Dodgson, sir.
Dodgson.
I love it.
Have fun.
You, too.
Traitor! Don't!
Don't!
Commander,
dare I say Gotham is looking a little
like the good, old days.
Sorry I had my doubts.
City trusts us for a reason, Mayor.
Enjoy the movie. Excuse me.
Kane.
I haven't missed the show, have I?
Now you tell me where you are,
and then I'll dump you at Arkham myself.
We're all mad here, Commander.
I'm mad, you're mad.
Sanity is so... pedestrian.
I want to be memorable,
the kind of girl who
never leaves your thoughts,
so I took it upon myself
to fill a Crows' truck
with forget-me-nots.
"How do you like the
Queen?" said the cat.
These are families, kids.
Keep your mouth shut, and everyone
will stay alive to see
how this boring movie ends.
Try anything, and pfeewww!
Look up.
You'd never forget about
Sophie, would you, Commander,
your favorite little
birdie up in the sky,
but, oh, dear, oh, my,
can your little birdie fly,
for if she moves an inch,
she'll die.
Pick one, Commander...
Sophie or Gotham.
Why are you doing this?
Why is a raven like a writing desk?
Aah!
Who's there?
I thought you were dead.
Simple math.
Barrel weighs 500 pounds.
Birdie weighs a quarter of that.
Once barrel weighs less than birdie...
Whoa! Ohh!
Unh!
Aah!
No!
Raah!
Aah!
You're...
Not him.
Mommy, look!
It's Batman!
Good morning, Gotham.
Your girl Vesper Fairchild here.
So was I dreaming,
or is Batman really back?
If so, things are
looking up for this city.
If not, I just revealed way
too much about my dreams.
Talk to me, Gotham. Are you as excited
about Mr. Tall Dark
and Unavailable as I am?
It was so cool,
and then Batman flew into the sky
and was swinging from buildings.
See? I told you he'd be back.
Dodgson and Alice are
Crows' priority number one.
What about the Bat, sir?
Oh, come on. Seen these wannabes before.
He gets the city all hot and bothered,
and then thanks to a
total lack of skill,
he usually dies in some
spectacular fashion.
He?
Welcome back, Agent Moore.
You say something?
Not important, sir.
All right. Let's find these two.
Wouldn't drink that if I were you.
It's toxic. Christmas
gift from Gotham police.
Good to know.
Hi, by the way.
Hi. I heard you came back for me.
Thanks.
There she is. I thought we talked
about never letting you
out of my sight again.
I'm fine. Seriously, I'm good.
Tyler, this is Kate.
Kate, Tyler works for
Crows International.
Sorry to barge in,
but, uh, got in late last night,
and now I am that annoyingly
overprotective husband.
You're married.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Nice to meet you, Tyler.
I should probably go.
See you, Sophie.
Figured you'd left town.
I want you to tell me that I was right.
You were never going to make me a Crow.
You're right.
I never wanted you to be a Crow.
The Military was my dream for you.
I'd call in a favor, get you a desk job,
a staff, and the occasional papercut
would be the only
bloodshed you'd ever see.
That wasn't my dream.
No. No. You wanted to be in the action.
That's why I didn't
want you to be a Crow...
because I'm selfish
and overly protective,
and I'm terrified
and because you're
all I have left, Kate,
and I don't want to lose you, too.
Look. This is all my way of saying
that if... if you want
to be part of the team,
you're in.
My dad was running from his pain,
but I was running, too,
toward everything that didn't want me,
a military academy,
a private army,
my own father.
I spent 15 years searching
for a place I fit,
and I think I've finally found it.
Some see fear, others hope.
I see the freedom to be myself,
to play by own rules.
I believe you're going to
come home one day, Bruce,
and before you kill me for borrowing
a few of your things,
I want you to read my story
because it's only just begun.
Miss you, your cousin Kate.
You know, for a minute there,
really felt like he was home.
Hey. Look. For what it's worth,
Bruce never stopped looking
for your sister's body.
It is worth more than you think.
Guy had the best tech on the planet.
Why didn't he find her?
Make sure our necklaces are in it.
Beth.
I'll win you over, my dear sister.
The two of us will rule Gotham together.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --